soda boxes guys look at all this stuff
why hello my fellow internet friends I
feel like it's been a minute because I
only posted one video last week but
there's new podcasts coming out every
single Monday I feel like you guys are
enjoying them so thank you so much for
watching but why did I leave New York
because this because it's too cold in
the winter I'm not a big snow person I'm
born and raised in Dallas Texas and a
few peeps the last video you saw that I
surprised my family that was super super
fun but I'm back in New York I have been
cleaning I have been going into my
introvert corner and watching a lot of
Netflix and answering emails and editing
just catching up on things
sidenote I watch these second season of
Jessica Jones it's so good some two
thumbs up I tried to watch the defenders
but I got bored after the first 20
minutes I'm sorry but who am I glad to
be back
packages I got some new glasses oh I
know
another boosted board extended-range
battery so now we have two boosted
boards I can go up to 12 miles whoo guys
I swear the only thing I wear is like
youtuber merch now look at this this is
Eliza Koshi sweater
it just says content
Liza darling thank you so much for
sending this to me you're such a dear
friend Jessica she didn't send this to
me she doesn't know me although she is
subscribed to my channel
Sara I hope 2018 is off to amazing
started keep up the hard work big fans
over here at Caleb and the moment team
I love the homies over at moment they
hooked it up with a iPhone X case
because I haven't been able to use my
gorgeous moment lenses on my iPhone
since I've been using a ten and now I
can because I have the 10 photo case
let's just take a moment of silence of
how beautiful this is without a case now
I'll be able to use use my lenses
oh the charging pad that I backed on
Kickstarter I'm surprised I actually got
it you never know if those things this
is before iPhone charger watch charger
and after so this is definitely the most
interesting package that I had received
while I was out of town this is the funk
some fast wireless charging pad because
who knows when you're going to get
Apple's air power
it's that charging that I think that's
what it's called it was announced at the
iPhone 10 event rumors have been
swirling around oh my gosh we're gonna
get it March we're gonna be able to
order it but still silence how was the
funk some charging pad only $29 well you
got to read the fine print the Apple
watch charger actually isn't included
you open it up from the bottom and place
your already existent charger into the
pad and then you can place your phone
and your watch on it to charge together
the only thing that I experience is you
have to put the phone almost directly in
the middle of a pad if it's anywhere to
left of that it's not gonna work and it
also works with a thin profile case this
is mainly marketed towards people with
Apple products but it's qi wireless
charging so my samsung note 8 did work i
cannot wait to see the price tag on
apple's air power charging mat you're
basically going to be able to put your
phone watch and air pods on to it but
the air pods still need that wireless
charging case which we haven't heard
anything from since that Apple event and
also this week's creative exchange
podcast actually features Gloria from
the thousand helmets who actually got
her start on Kickstarter raised a
quarter of a million dollars to make
cool bike helmets so that podcast will
be linked in the description below and
in the spirit of just Kickstarter and
all things Kickstarter I'm also linking
down in the description below some
products that I have learned to love and
they're a part of my life and I got them
on Kickstarter so one is better speakers
they are speakers that have a booming
sound
sounds sick but it's the thinnest
profile that I've ever seen in speakers
like they look crazy and also a USBC hub
for the new MacBook Pros hashtag dongle
life the hyperdrive
so it was first crowdfunded and now they
are absolutely crushing it I love it
so hacky offer cool and creative product
being made out there but let's hop back
into the festivities of the day because
I'm I have some work to do at the
apartment okay guys these are lights for
my bedroom not only did I order lights
but I also have a headboard and a lot of
furniture for the apartment cuz I don't
know if you remember but a few weeks ago
I asked you your suggestions on what I
should do with this very bland room yo
girl is painting has ordered a ton of
new furniture and things and I'm gonna
get this apartment so and span sick
that when John comes home he's out of
town he's just gonna be like what is
this even the apartment what's going on
yeah I'm gonna channel my inter mr. Kate
oh my gosh guys guys hit me up I want to
hang out and I'm gonna paint stuff I'm
even painting this wall see the the tape
the taping is the hardest part actually
so John has no idea that I'm doing all
of this stuff the goal is when he comes
in town in three days I'm gonna surprise
him more surprises yeah
[Music]
your home I just made it I have a
surprise for you okay
I literally you literally just got here
and I stuck I can't right now oh well
it's clean to start off okay yeah it
looks amazing looks good right yeah okay
so this needs to go down more but I
bought me a client but they're fake
how realistic does this look for that's
fate
that's fake but it because you're so
listen what's up the blue so it's blue
okay it turned out a little bit more
bright than I wanted hey I really I like
that more yeah sorry I was going for
like a musty blue British blue but it
kind of turned out more bright so we
don't like it we want to change it but
hold on this is a headboard that I
haven't put on our bed yet okay fancy
I'm not sure yeah yeah open whoa I love
you like it okay so the bed it's gonna
go against the wall that way no no okay
you look you look fantastic
oh so the beds are gonna go against the
wall I ordered another one of these look
at you so we're like when you leave in
every like three days yeah but like
we're gonna be a normal person with a
side table on each side look at us
okay
and look this is the chair look better
in level better because it used to be
better and then this used to be over
here and now she's over there yeah it
looks better and look there's another
fit planner but how real does that
leverage wanted to do spinal flex I mean
it's fine 18 bucks 18 dollars that's
good
[Music]
okay so I think the painting was a
success I have already added a lot of
stuff to the bedroom and things around
here
look at these fake plants aren't they
beautiful I need to I need to film a
updated apartment tour video because you
guys haven't seen a proper apartment
tour since I was in my studio apartment
but there's just there's so many little
things to add
but hopefully Jonna crews of the paint
do you approve I do yes it's amazing I
think I like it more than you do really
I think the blue especially okay good
that's good because I had my doubts let
me know if you guys like this video hit
that subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week all of the
Kickstarter links and everything are in
a description below make sure to check
out the podcast as well and until next
time guys stay peachy okay what my
parents are immigrants um in traditional
Chinese immigrants will tell you hey go
to undergrad it go to graduate school
get that doctorate become a doctor
engineer or lawyer like those are your
three choices and I had always secretly
promised myself you know if you hit 70
or 80 K miraculously the total cost of
what it cost me to make the helmets you
know just quit your job and then we hit
that goal within like five or six days
so that day I went to my boss quit my
job started doing God's work
[Music]